# SecureCodingFinal
Project 1 and 2 combined

**Scenario**

You have been asked to present the Green Pace security policy guide and to provide implementation guidelines and recommendations for maintaining it in the future. The developers have been employing best practices and, as the team grows, it’s critical that everyone remains in sync with principles and best practices. Your job is to take the implicit policies that are applied daily in practice and explain how they have been standardized. You will explain your Green Pace security standards and policies, including the surface area of an attack and assumption of vulnerability. It is your job to demonstrate how the coding and architectural issues are organized using a set of 10 guiding security principles. You will demonstrate how you apply external testing methods to identify potential vulnerabilities by adding screenshots from your coding exercises and explaining how external testing methods will catch the vulnerabilities. You will be writing unit tests to check for the vulnerabilities using the unit testing framework for C++ in Visual Studio.

Your presentation will follow the format of the security policy. First, you will produce a matrix illustrating the threat levels for each of the vulnerabilities you covered in your policy document. Next, you will spend time going through each of the coding policy standards. Following the coding standards, you will cover the use of encryption and then explain how the Triple-A framework will be used and applied. Then you will discuss the risks and benefits of mitigating current issues, such as which ones should be addressed first and why? Finally, you will present a vision for the future of policy creation: Based on current gaps, where should the focus be in preventing threats? What are ways to get in front of potential threats? Your final presentation will represent principles and best practices for coding and systems architecture for Green Pace developers.
